Update quickstart: add account and MFA instructions and consolidate steps (#180)
nasa-fornax/fornax-documentation: documentation/quick_start.md

-   Name, email address, and phone number.
    We use these for verification purposes only.
    Remember your email address as it will be used for ongoing Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) and will be required in case you need to reset your password.
-   Institute affiliation and career stage, for demographics.
-   A brief description of the science analysis you would like to use Fornax for.
    We use this to verify that the proposed usage of Fornax is appropriate.
-   Desired username and password.

```{warning}
Please do not register twice using the same phone number.
If you have trouble with your initial registration or need to register a second account and only have one phone number, please contact the [Helpdesk](#intro-forum).
```

Once you submit the form, a verification link will be sent to your email address.
Click the link to verify your email address and then follow the instructions to verify your phone number.

A human will then review your request.
If approved, your account will be created and you will receive an email with further instructions and information.

```{tip}
Email addresses from whitelisted domains (currently, nasa.gov) are automatically approved.

> All other requests require human review, so expect some delay before your account is created.

Reviewer: I would not call it delay per se, add something about the timeline instead
```suggestion
All other requests require human review, so expect up to a few business day before your account is created.
```

Author: I'll ask what we expect the timeline to be.
